# Heading level 1 Hayden's Profile
  This is the start of my coding journey. Although I have dabbled in HTML and CSS before, this is the beginning of my education to become a full-stack engineer. Design has interested me since I was young and inspired me to pursue graphic design in high school. In College, I had the opportunity to pursue graphic design as a degree, but I chose to get my associate degree. It was 2 years of repeated education that I did in highschool, and my motivation for school declined. Once I got my associate's degree, I took a break from school and continued to make money as a cook. I worked at lots of high-end places and was good at my job. I continued to grow and learn in that industry until October of 2024.  
  I was burnt out from the kitchen; stress and the schedule affected my mental health and my ability to see my family. I took a risk, made a career change, and started working in property management. It is a fun industry that I have thoroughly enjoyed but there is still something missing. I am passionate and work hard, but it seems like it's ignored at my current job. I have the desire to grow and have purpose in whatever job I do. Just like woking my way up the latter in the kittchen I beleive I can do the same in the property managemernt bisness if I had more direction.  
  That is why I have started to pursue my goals of becoming a Full Stack Engineer in my free time. The quality of life and the work that they do inspired my creative and logical side. I have a knack for coding and want to continue to work on my skills and become a valuable asset in this space. 
